ise Your right
under the license grant of this License (right to make Adaptations) but
not otherwise.

Do not make any legal claim against anyone accusing the Work, with or
without changes, alone or with other works, of infringing any patent
claim.

# Representations Warranties and Disclaimer

UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR
OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF
LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS,
WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

# Limitation on Liability

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

# Termination

This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License.
Individuals or entities who have received Adaptations or Collections
from You under this License, however, will not have their licenses
terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full
compliance with those licenses. The Sections on definitions, fair
dealing rights, representations, warranties, and disclaimer, limitation
on liability, termination, and revised license versions will survive any
termination of this License.

Subject to the above terms and conditions, the license granted here is
perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright in the Work).
Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release the
Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at
any time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to
withdraw this License (or any other license that has been, or is
required to be, granted under the terms of this License), and this
License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as
stated above.

# Revised License Versions

This License may receive future revisions in the original spirit of the
license intended to strengthen This License. Each version of This
License has an incrementing version number.

Unless otherwise specified like in the below subsection The Licensor has
only granted this current version of This License for The Work. In this
case future revisions do not apply.

The Licensor may specify that the latest available revision of This
License be used for The Work by either explicitly writing so or by
suffixing the License URI with a \"+\" symbol.

The Licensor may specify that The Work is also available under the terms
of This License\'s current revision as well as specific future
revisions. The Licensor may do this by writing it explicitly or
suffixing the License URI with any additional version numbers each
separated by a comma.

# Miscellaneous

Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work or a Collection,
the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same
terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.

Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform an Adaptation, Licensor
offers to the recipient a license to the original Work on the same terms
and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.

If the Work is classified as Software, each time You Distribute or
Publicly Perform an Adaptation, Licensor offers to the recipient a copy
and/or URI of the corresponding Source Code on the same terms and
conditions as the license granted to You under this License.

If the Work is used as a Network Service, each time You Distribute or
Publicly Perform an Adaptation, or serve data derived from the Software,
the Licensor offers to any recipients of the data a copy and/or URI of
the corresponding Source Code on the same terms and conditions as the
license granted to You under this License.

If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of the terms of this License, and without further action
by the parties to this agreement, such provision shall be reformed to
the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and
enforceable.

No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no
breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing
and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent.

This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings,
agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified
here. Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may
appear in any communication from You. This License may not be modified
without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You.

The rights granted under, and the subject matter referenced, in this
License were drafted utilizing the terminology of the Berne Convention
for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works (as amended on
September 28, 1979), the Rome Convention of 1961, the WIPO Copyright
Treaty of 1996, the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty of 1996 and
the Universal Copyright Convention (as revised on July 24, 1971). These
rights and subject matter take effect in the relevant jurisdiction in
which the License terms are sought to be enforced according to the
corresponding provisions of the implementation of those treaty
provisions in the applicable national law. If the standard suite of
rights granted under applicable copyright law includes additional rights
not granted under this License, such additional rights are deemed to be
included in the License; this License is not intended to restrict the
license of any rights under applicable law.